G-Unit provides us with another very useful annotation that can be used to supplement arguments to a
test mounted and it is called CSP source.
I will comment out method source annotation and instead of method source, I will use C as resource.
Like this.
So this annotation sizzles.
It allows us to supply a list of arguments as comma separated values.
For example, let's supply a few arguments instead of brackets.
I will add curly brackets, and inside of curly brackets I will add double quotes.
And instead of double quotes, I will provide my parameters.
For example, 33 takeaway one will be equal to 32.
So notice that arguments are surrounded with curly brackets and they are grouped with double quotes
but separated with comma.
And we have three values here.
33 will be matched to a menu and one will be matched to subtract and 32 will be matched to expected
result.
Now, if I want my test method to run and test additional set of values, I will then add a new set.
Inside of curly brackets, I will add a new line and I will copy my first set of arguments at comma.
And then and now I will add a new entry like this.
So inside of curly brackets, I can add new entries.
So let's say this one will be 24, which is going to be minu and then one will be subtract hand and
expected result will be 23 and I will add one more entry separated with a comma.
This one will be 54 take away, one will equal to 53 and because we use see as we source now and we
no longer use method source, the methods or methods that we have added in previous lesson is not needed
anymore.
So I can either delete it or I will comment it out for now.
Like this.
Now I can save my changes and I can around this test method to see how it works.
I will click on the run button and we'll run this test method.
And it worked well.
The same test meant method run three times and each time with a different set of arguments.
Now let's assume that we have a test method and we need to test it with a string parameters rather than
with integers.
To do that, we will go back to our CSP source and I will comment it out for now and we'll add a new
annotation which is still since we source.
But instead of integers I will use string.
So in brackets we will have curly brackets and inside of curly brackets we will have double quotes and
then a set of values.
So exactly the same approach.
But this time not integers, but strings.
For example, apple and orange, for example.
With these values might a unique method will need to accept two parameters, and that will run one time
on only to make it a run twice.
I will need to add a new entry separating it with a comma, and then in double quotes I will add my
values.
Let's assume that the first parameter is still Apple, but the second one is empty.
To supply empty value I will use single code but twice one two and that will be an empty string around
it.
And if I want to test my method with one value which is not empty but is equal to no, actually then
I will use apple and then coma and then nothing.
Not even single quotes.
And in this case first parameter will be apple and the value of the second parameter will be no.
All right, so let's make our method work again.
I will remove string values and I will bring back the CSP source with integer values.
And we'll run this method again just to make sure it works well and it passes.
All right.
So everything is working well and we're good to continue to the next lesson.